Title

Underrubrik (svenska och engelska)

Jacob Ekedahl
Tiago Redaelli

1. Introduction

1.1 Problem definition

1.2 Objectives

1.3 Delimitations

1.4 Authors contribution

2. Background

2.1 Previous work
2.2 Relevant film sequences

2.2.1 Title sequence
2.2.2 Previous sequence
2.2.3 Outro sequence

2.3 Computer Vision

2.3.1 Text Recognition
Recognizing and detecting text in video is usually done by Video Optical Character Recognition (VOCR). VOCR is closely related with Optical Character Recognition (OCR). OCR is the conversion of typed, handwritten or printed text in images into machine-encoded text.

2.3.1.1 Video Optical Character Recognition
Video Optical Character Recognition (VOCR) is a technique to extract textual information in a sequence of video frames.
It is a complex research area and some of its underlying problems originates from the large variance of context in which text can occur in a video.
Text seen in video can be of various sizes, resolutions, fonts, languages, colours, angular orientations on top of many types of backgrounds. Handwritten text also comes with its own complexity due to the ways of how people write words differently.
Due its intricateness, is a field of research which has benefited largely from the advancements in machine learning, 
pattern recognition and computer vision over the last decades.

In Video OCR: A Survey And Practitioner's Guide [1] the authors divide the task of text recognition into subgroups of tasks which includes detection, segmentation and recognition of text. 
Detecting text is the task of finding locations of text occurrences in images and videos which can be done by creating a text-feature based model. The survey details ways of how to create a fixed scale and fixed position text classifier and how to to negate its location and scale dependencies. The detection is characterized by a circumscribing rectangle around the text when text occurrences are in parallel with the camera plane otherwise a rotated parallelogram. 
Text segmentation is the task of preparing the bitmaps of localized text occurrences for optical character recognition (OCR). Due to the resolution of video usually being low (72 ppi), it is a major source of difficulty in text segmentation and recognition and thus the first step commonly is to increase the quality of the video frame by frame by enhancing the resolution and implementing directional stroke filters for character stroke enhancement. The next step is enhancements done in the video domain. Temporal Integration, sub-pixel accurate text alignment, seedfilling from border pixels or thresholding are such common techniques.

2.3.2 Scene Detection
2.3.3 Audio Recognition


3 Testing Methodology

4 Analysis

5 References
[1] Lienhart R. (2003) Video OCR: A Survey And Practitioner’s Guide. In: Rosenfeld A., Doermann D., DeMenthon D. (eds) Video Mining. 
The Springer International Series in Video Computing, vol 6. Springer, Boston, MA